7/5/2012 started: Bernard Sufrin

Suggestions Richard Bornat made in early May 2012 (21 years after we started Jape)

«Since you want to do some modifications. All except 2 are
Java things: I think it would be a brave person who looked
at the engine, and I don't recommend it. Though I wouldn't
mind if you do.

1. The most annoying thing I noticed is a focus problem.
When you click on a panel button, the window focus shifts
from the proof to the panel. It _definitely_ shouldn't. (In
fact in the pre-Java Mac implementation, clicking on a panel
to get it to the front of panels didn't give it focus, but I
don't imagine that Java could do that.)

2. cvs -r has stopped working (doesn't instantiate tags in
AboutBox.java). So it all needs switching to svn or git. You
will find, I think, that your old ssh key still works at
sourceforge ...

There will be lots of Java-ish things you might like to
propose for us to discuss. I think a tabbed interface would
be a mistake, because you wouldn't be able to look at proofs
side by side. But certainly

3. When you open a window it should be the same size as the
last proof window: every other app does this, so should Jape

4. It doesn't do modern scrolling in the proof window (third
button stuff and the like)

4a. something deep inside Jape seems to make the proof
migrate up the window sometimes. I hunted it for weeks and
now I have given up. If you fix scrolling it would be nice
to be able to drag the proof around even if it all fits in
the window

5. Those .jp.txt extensions seem to be forced by some bit of
Java, which won't take no for an answer

6. Sizing of .ps/.pdf could be fixed. I'm embarrassed by the
code, which will probably quickly and clearly reveal to you
my ignorance and misunderstanding of the Java mechanisms for
printing.»

--

«Panels originallly were floating windows. They were
permanently above the proof windows in the Z order, they had
smaller borders and different borders so you could tell they
were different. None of that seemed possible in the Mac Java
stuff, which I'm still using at present. Java I think does
the Windoze thing: it has floating panels if you go for a
single-window interface.

another thing: I understand that from Java 7 it all goes
over to Oracle, so the Mac hacks that I did will have to
drop out and new Java hacks will have to be inserted. Oh
dear. Not looking forward to that.

I hope the multi-window interface is standard Java. If not
then I know not what to do.»

-- (BS)

«
THOUGHT 1:
  I'd like to systematize release numbers. We presently have
  a scheme that I really don't understand, and if it is to
  persist we need to work out another way of automagically
  generating patch numbers for the distribution. If we used
  subversion this would be easy, since we could just use the
  largest repository index to show where all the files came
  from.
    
THOUGHT 2:
  Users don't give a flying fart about release numbers. 
  How about
  
        MAJOR.date@date.time
        
  * It gives us  handle on where to look for the sources when something goes wrong. 
  * It lets a user know if what s/he's using is up to date.
  * It lets us make more than one release on a given day.
  * It lets us associate semantic information with a relese.
  
  What more could one want? (This is not a rhetorical question)
»

==

TODO: fix installation-builing instructions in CommonBuildResources 
DONE: don't forget to cvs up -A to free sticky tags when restarting at the trunk

==

DONE: added makedmg command to MacOSX directory
      updated macdistrib and " README.rtf" in MacOSX directory

==

DONE: fixed mac application bundler so that it makes .j and .jt files open
      with jape automatically, and gives such files kind "Jape Theory"
      
      removed oddly-named, oddly-constructed " README.rtf" and replaced it 
      with README.html
      
      26 July 2012 (BS)      
--

$Log$
Revision 1.4  2012/05/07 22:35:57  bernardsufrin
Can now generate a dmg for distribution from the command line

Revision 1.2  2012/05/07 13:24:23  bernardsufrin
Added -kkv






